[Music]
so where are you going auntie
hey-ya tomorrow his managed baptism we
were hoping you were gonna make it down
sad things just keep me a little busy up
here
an American military veteran who's
retreated from the world
a chance meeting with a stranger from
abroad
i'ma go fetch far away from home aren't
you that was infected it's unpleasant
yeah
like me I didn't kill him I haven't
killed anything in 20 years tomorrow you
should come we had another hit theater
collection
over there nothing about this visit
hello wasn't left to chance go back is
serbian dead squad
coming in
Robert De Niro John Travolta
and killing season